advisories/nflx-2021-001.md, before:

# Advisory
###### ID: NFLX-2021-001

###### Title: Local information disclosure in Hollow

###### Release Date: 2021-03-23

###### Severity: Low

###### Credit:  Security Researcher Jonathan Leitschuh

### Overview:
Security researcher Jonathan Leitschuh reported that Netflix Hollow (a Netflix OSS project available here: https://github.com/Netflix/hollow) writes to a local temporary directory before validating the permissions on it.

### Impact:
An attacker with the ability to create directories and set permissions on the local filesystem could pre-create this directory and read or modify anything written there by the Hollow process.

### Description:
Since the Files.exists(parent) is run before creating the directories, an attacker can pre-create these directories with wide permissions. Additionally, since an insecure source of randomness is used, the file names to be created can be deterministically calculated.


### Workarounds and Fixes
Avoid running Hollow in configurations that share a filesystem with less-trusted processes. May be fixed in a future release.

Commit message:

Updated nflx-2021-001 and 2 with links to reporter.

advisories/nflx-2021-001.md, after:

# Advisory
###### ID: NFLX-2021-001

###### Title: Local information disclosure in Hollow

###### Release Date: 2021-03-23

###### Severity: Low

###### Credit:  Security Researcher Jonathan Leitschuh

### Overview:
Security researcher Jonathan Leitschuh reported that Netflix Hollow (a Netflix OSS project available here: https://github.com/Netflix/hollow) writes to a local temporary directory before validating the permissions on it.

### Impact:
An attacker with the ability to create directories and set permissions on the local filesystem could pre-create this directory and read or modify anything written there by the Hollow process.

### Description:
Since the Files.exists(parent) is run before creating the directories, an attacker can pre-create these directories with wide permissions. Additionally, since an insecure source of randomness is used, the file names to be created can be deterministically calculated.

[Further details are available from the original reporter](https://github.com/JLLeitschuh/security-research/security/advisories/GHSA-j83w-7qr9-wv86).

### Workarounds and Fixes
Avoid running Hollow in configurations that share a filesystem with less-trusted processes. May be fixed in a future release.
